README.md, before:

Flexible Navigation
===================

Flexible Navigation is a rework of the ROS Navigation stack into independent modules that
interface with [FlexBE] compatible state implementations.  These allow a user to graphically chain together states in a state machine to essentially create their own navigation stack to suit any need.

This allows for supervisory and sliding autonomy within navigation, and better control over contingencies and recovery behaviors.

About
-----

This system provides specific navigation planning and path following
capabilities based on the ROS Navigation [move_base] packages and is compatible
with any base_global_planner and base_local_planner plugin.

A ROS node wrapper for each plugin type provides several ActionLib
interfaces to [FlexBE] state implementations.

Install
-------

A complete demonstration system is provided as part of the CHRISLab [Create Flexible Navigation] demonstration. Follow setup and operation directions there for an integrated demonstration.  The complete system is easily setup and built by following the installation directions at [CHRISLab Install].

The Flexible Navigation system has been tested using the latest version of ROS Kinetic. You
should first follow the [ROS Install Guide] and get that set up before proceeding.

License
-------

	Copyright (c) 2016
	Capable Humanitarian Robotics and Intelligent Systems Lab (CHRISLab)
	Christopher Newport University

	All rights reserved.

	Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
	modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

	  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
	     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

	  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
	     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
	     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

	  3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
	     contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
	     this software without specific prior written permission.

	     THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
	     "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
	     LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
	     FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
	     COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
	     INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
	     BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
	     LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
	     CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
	     LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY
	     WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
	     POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

[FlexBE]: https://flexbe.github.io
[move_base]: http://wiki.ros.org/move_base
[ROS Install Guide]: http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation
[Create Flexible Navigation]: https://github.com/CNURobotics/chris_create_flexible_navigation
[CHRISLab Install]: https://github.com/CNURobotics/chris_install

Commit message:

modify README for turtlebot demonstration

README.md, after:

Flexible Navigation
===================

Flexible Navigation is a rework of the ROS Navigation stack into independent modules that
interface with [FlexBE] compatible state implementations.  These allow a user to graphically chain together states in a state machine to essentially create their own navigation stack to suit any need.

This allows for supervisory and sliding autonomy within navigation, and better control over contingencies and recovery behaviors.

About
-----

This system provides specific navigation planning and path following
capabilities based on the ROS Navigation [move_base] packages and is compatible
with any base_global_planner and base_local_planner plugin.

A ROS node wrapper for each plugin type provides several ActionLib
interfaces to [FlexBE] state implementations.

Install
-------

A complete demonstration system is provided as part of the CHRISLab [Turtlebot Flexible Navigation] demonstration. Follow setup and operation directions there for an integrated demonstration.  The complete system is easily setup and built by following the installation directions at [CHRISLab Install].

The [Turtlebot Flexible Navigation] demonstration uses the SBPL lattice planner in a move_base like planning scheme.  An alternative demonstration at [Create Flexible Navigation] uses a three layer planning scheme to demonstrate the flexibility of the decoupled approach.

The Flexible Navigation system has been tested using the latest version of ROS Kinetic. You
should first follow the [ROS Install Guide] and get that set up before proceeding.

License
-------

	Copyright (c) 2016-2017
	Capable Humanitarian Robotics and Intelligent Systems Lab (CHRISLab)
	Christopher Newport University

	All rights reserved.

	Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
	modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

	  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
	     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

	  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
	     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
	     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

	  3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
	     contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
	     this software without specific prior written permission.

	     THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
	     "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
	     LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
	     FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
	     COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
	     INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
	     BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
	     LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
	     CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
	     LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY
	     WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
	     POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

[FlexBE]: https://flexbe.github.io
[move_base]: http://wiki.ros.org/move_base
[ROS Install Guide]: http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation
[Turtlebot Flexible Navigation]: https://github.com/CNURobotics/chris_turtlebot_flexible_navigation
[Create Flexible Navigation]: https://github.com/CNURobotics/chris_create_flexible_navigation
[CHRISLab Install]: https://github.com/CNURobotics/chris_install
